224 JULY.

pleted his martyrdom by having his head struck oﬂ’,
after having undergone diﬁerent torments and been
thrown into a furnace, from which he came out unin-
jured through the assistance of God.—In Bretagne,
St. Sampson, bishop and confessor.—At Lyons, St.
Peregrinus, priest, whose happiness in heaven is at-
tested by glorious miracles.

._:__.+_j_

dtbz dL'tnentp=nintb bay of Zluly.

AT Tarascon, in France, St. Martha, virgin, the

hostess of our Saviour, and sister of blessed Mary
Magdalen and St. Lazarus.—At Rome, on the Aure-
lian road, St. Felix II., pope and martyr. Being
expelled from his See by the Arian emperor Constan-
tius for defending the Catholic faith, and being put
to the sword privately at Cera, in Tuscany, he died
gloriously. His body was taken away from that
place by clerics, and buried on the Aurelian road.
It was afterwards brought to the church of the

Saints Cosmas and Damian, where, under the

Sovereign Pontitf, Gregory XIII., it was found be-
neath the altar with the relics of the holy martyrs
Mark, Marcellian, and Tranquillinus, and with these
was put back in the same place on the 31st of July.
In the same altar Were also found the bodies of the
holy martyrs Abundius, priest, and Abundantius,
deacon, which were shortly after solemnly trans-

